JAVA-2264: HashedWheelTimer tick duration should be >= 10 ms on Windows (#1251)
apache/cassandra-java-driver: changelog/README.md

<!-- Note: contrary to 3.x, insert new entries *first* in their section -->

### 4.1.0 (in progress)

> - [bug] JAVA-2264: HashedWheelTimer tick duration should be >= 100 ms on Windows

Reviewer: Just a suggestion, but would make it more clear that we're changing the default overall here, something like:

```suggestion
- [bug] JAVA-2264: Adjust HashedWheelTimer tick duration from 1 to 100 ms
```
